Hi guys
so I just recorded a video
talking about the zap and there already has an owner
to take a quick review on two
eyelash masks loves garden
this one here in colossal
she 's still here, she 's not going to give
protect very well and the volume of false
express
It's even a draw here because it's
brand new
You know that I love passion and use.
in my clients corrosion to the
it's that way
the ju dinha I get a stretching
with the lengthening of the eyelashes cool
The way I want a good curvature alone
that I think I was running out of there
I decided to leave the other one.
the daniele saleswoman was not lead to kia
false because it is very good then I open
I did not like because I do not like
magic with one with the very silk so
I will have much boring evening is she
says to want to stretch a lot more
volume top her name is volume express
I did not like it not for you
I found my good just to pigment aid
I did not vote for big stretches I noticed
large bends continues to sound from the
hopscotch Cosa thousand times better
op it has it enables a curvature
without you using conversation so so good
just to pigment to hit you
To use now, do you want to understand?
a presence to be very cool this
Here is
unfortunately or fortunately I like I
I review products I like
that I like
This one is a little more like this one.
I bought
always always always because until
Now for me it was once best is
so this one is still in my case
of makeup and then girls that you
found leave your comments short
share go there on the blog I will leave
all right name little name all of them
I'll tell you what each one says
makes the manufacturer says it does
I hope you have enjoyed it and even the
neighbor case